# Fast API for Interaction with Smart Contract

This FastAPI application serves as a streamlined interface for interacting with the smart contract, enabling seamless integration between decentralized storage and blockchain functionalities. It facilitates the upload of files and metadata to IPFS, securely storing the resulting IPFS hash within the smart contract.

Additionally, the API performs essential input validation during concert creation, ensuring data integrity and consistency. It also features advanced image processing capabilities, such as splitting images into smaller segments to create composable collectibles, enhancing the creative possibilities for users and artists alike.

# Setup

Install the required packages using the following command:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Update the Concert and Collectible Address in .env file.

```
COLLECTIBLE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=<<Collectible Contract Address>>
CONCERT_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=<<Concert Contract Address>>
```

Runn the FastAPI application using the following command:

```
fastapi dev main.py
```

# API Endpoints

The can be found in the postman file `Blockchain.postman_collection.json`

## Endpoint 1: Create Concert /concerts {POST}

This endpoint creates a new concert with the specified details. It validates the input data and stores the concert details in the smart contract.

## Endpoint 2: Create NFT Collectible /collectibles {POST}

This endpoint creates a new NFT collectible with the specified details. It validates the input data and stores the collectible details in the smart contract.

## Endpoint 2: Create Composable NFT Collectible /collectibles/composable {POST}

This endpoint creates a new composable NFT collectible by splitting the image into smaller segments. It validates the input data and stores the collectible details in the smart contract.
